doc: Describe CAF module suspend/resume request events support (#23556)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/ble_adv_ctrl.rst

.. _nrf_desktop_ble_adv_ctrl:

Bluetooth LE advertising control module
#######################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The nRF Desktop Bluetooth LE advertising control module is responsible for controlling |ble_adv|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bluetooth LE advertising control module is responsible for controlling |ble_adv|.
```

The module is used to suspend and resume the |ble_adv|.

> For now, the module is able to react only to the USB state changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now, the module can only react to the USB state changes.
```

It suspends the |ble_adv| when the active USB device is connected (USB state is set to :c:enum:`USB_STATE_ACTIVE`).
It resumes the |ble_adv| when the USB is disconnected (USB state is set to :c:enum:`USB_STATE_DISCONNECTED`) and the |ble_adv| was earlier suspended.

> This is done to improve the USB High-Speed performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This improves the USB High-Speed performance.
```

Module events
*************

.. include:: event_propagation.rst
    :start-after: table_ble_adv_ctrl_start
    :end-before: table_ble_adv_ctrl_end

.. note::
    |nrf_desktop_module_event_note|

Configuration
*************

> The nRF Desktop Bluetooth LE advertising control module is disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is disabled by default.
```

To enable it, set the :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_ADV_CTRL_ENABLE <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option to ``y``.
To enable the module to suspend and resume the |ble_adv| when USB state changes, set the :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_ADV_CTRL_SUSPEND_ON_USB <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option to ``y``.
It is recommended to enable this option if the device supports the USB High-Speed.

Implementation details
**********************

> The nRF Desktop Bluetooth LE advertising control module subscribes to :c:struct:`usb_state_event` events sent by the |usb_state|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module subscribes to :c:struct:`usb_state_event` events sent by the |usb_state|.
```
